probabilistic-robotics
======================

I'm building a robotics curriculum for a K-8 school, and as part of that
process I'm trying to master the computational parts of mobile robotics (I also
want to build a robotic mower for my pasture...). I'm going through two books
to do that: [Introduction to Autonomous Mobile Robots](http://amzn.com/0262015358)
and [Probabilistic Robotics](http://amzn.com/0262201623). 

These are my notes, in the form of Anki flash cards, along with my attempts at
solutions to all of the exercises in both books. I will be keeping the two
books' answer sets separate for easier reference. 

I'm hoping that this repo will turn into a kind of self-directed MOOC for
mobile robotics. I like online courses a lot, but I tend to think they don't go
deep enough most of the time. That will definitely not be the case here - if we
read the books and do all of the note cards and exercises, my hope is that
we'll end up with deep knowledge of the subject. 

### Caveat Emptor

I'm not an expert in this stuff (yet), so it's likely that my solutions will be
incomplete, incorrect, or otherwise flawed! I would be extremely happy to get
pull requests with corrections, alternative solutions, and additional
flashcards (or better versions of the existing ones), or anything else that
fits with the idea of self-teaching mobile robotics, as I don't have any
external reference to use for checking my work. So far, both of these books are
excellent and I highly recommend checking them out if you're interested in this
kind of stuff, and if you do please check back here from time to time to see
what we've come up with for study aids.

### What's in here

1. Anki decks, one for Probabilistic Robotics, and the other for Intro to
Autonomous Robots. To use them, you'll need to get [Anki](http://ankisrs.net/).
2. LaTeX files for my solutions to the exercises. I try to include a lot of
explanation of why I'm doing certain things, as a way to help my future self
when studying this stuff later. Hopefully you'll find them handy as well.
3. Miscellaneous programs from the books or other sources of inspiration,
probably mostly written in Rust, Python, or Julia. I welcome pull requests with
bug fixes and alternative solutions or example programs, in any language.


